README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Awesome Books

> This project is a book collection basic website that allows users to add/remove books from a list
## Built With

- CSS
- HTML
- Javascript

## Authors

👤 **Ndikumana Isaie**

- GitHub: [ndikumanaisaie](https://github.com/ndikumanaisaie)
- Twitter: [Ndikuma38670724](https://twitter.com/Ndikuma38670724)
- LinkedIn: [ndikumana-isaie-21166273](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ndikumana-isaie-21166273/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Microverse staff
- Our families
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

## Link to URL on browser
- Awesome Books: [Awesome Books](https://ndikumanaisaie.github.io/awesome-books/)
## Link to URL on github
- [Awesome Books](https://github.com/ndikumanaisaie/awesome-books)

Commit message:

add screenshot of the page

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Awesome Books

> This project is a book collection basic website that allows users to add/remove books from a list.

## Screen shot of the book page

![awosome books](https://github.com/ndikumanaisaie/awesome-books/blob/main/images/shot.png)
## Built With
- CSS
- HTML
- Javascript

## Authors

👤 **Ndikumana Isaie**

- GitHub: [ndikumanaisaie](https://github.com/ndikumanaisaie)
- Twitter: [Ndikuma38670724](https://twitter.com/Ndikuma38670724)
- LinkedIn: [ndikumana-isaie-21166273](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ndikumana-isaie-21166273/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Microverse staff
- Our families
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

## Link to URL on browser
- Awesome Books: [Awesome Books](https://ndikumanaisaie.github.io/awesome-books/)
## Link to URL on github
- [Awesome Books](https://github.com/ndikumanaisaie/awesome-books)
